GSoC 2020 - update the doc according to 2020 application forms (#2771)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2020/application.md

### Organization Profile

* Website URL: http://jenkins.io/
* Tagline (up to 80 symbols): Open-source automation server for building great things at any scale
* Technology tags (max 5):

>   * java

Author: ```suggestion
  * TODO: Finalize tags by Feb 05
  * java
```

Author: @markyjackson-taulia I suggest leaving a TODO for the later tag discussion

>   * java

Reviewer: Since `groovy` will be removed can we add `machine learning`?

Author: Go was added. But indeed we should review the final list of tags

#### How will you keep students involved with your community after GSoC?

> * We plan sponsoring successful students to go to a Jenkins-focused conference and/or contributor summit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We plan to sponsor successful students' travel and attendance at a Jenkins-focused conference and/or contributor summit.
```

#### Anything else we should know (optional)?

> Jenkins project migrates from Software in the Public Interest, Inc. (https://spi-inc.org) to Continuous Delivery foundation (https://cd.foundation/about/) this year. 

Reviewer 2: Capitalization
```suggestion
The Jenkins project is migrating from Software in the Public Interest, Inc. (https://spi-inc.org) to Continuous Delivery Foundation (https://cd.foundation/about/) this year. 
```
